Last time along with uploading the image we have stored the new instance of the image model inside the
images table which contains the path which is relative to the disk that we have configured which is
the public disk.
So we want this to be visible to all the users inside the database.
And now let's see how we can display this image.
So on the show blade BHP template for the posts.
Well basically we have a couple of options.
Probably the simplest one would be to just display image like this.
Now you might use some additional variables that you know that you have like that up your URL which
is configured inside that dot and file to generate a proper path to this file so it will be displayed.
But doing something like this the travel dot test we know that the folder where everything is stored
is storage.
And then we have thumb nails or actually this is part of the path.
So you might try to do post image path.
This is actually not a way I would recommend you to do.
So let's see if this would work.
This should actually work but it's definitely not recommended.
So.
Well of course it doesn't really look nice.
That's not what we want to achieve.
But you can see the image.
Now there is also help her method in lateral called asset which is used to link to some assets that
you have inside your public folder.
This might be too style sheets or JavaScript but you also don't want to do that.
Let's see what will be the result of the asset helper function.
So we are calling asset on that path on the post image path.
Now let's refresh this blog post and yes we see it is not displayed.
So let's see what was the source.
So the link generated was the domain basically and the farm names for folder.
Yet we know that it's not where it is stored.
That's where all the other assets are like java scripts and CSX.
But our public disk is configured to have a symbolic link from the storage up public folder and also
on the public folder itself.
Let's find it.
It contains a storage folder.
So this acid metal doesn't know about that and well that's why it works incorrectly.
Now the actual way to do it correctly when you use the storage for Sayed would be to use the storage
for Sayed you were real method and then you can provide that post image buff.
Now this should generate the correct url and displayed this image to
so you can see that this is now generated properly.
It contains the storage folder so the folder where we upload that the files and inside it there is the
families.
So the remaining part of the path which is stored inside the database.
Now this is very useful because if you use this storage then you might store your files in different
places and then when you change your storage like you do not want to store the uploaded files on the
app storage folder so you basically don't want to use that public disk anymore you want to store assets
like images uploaded by user to let's say as free.
You basically do not change your code at all.
The only thing you have to do is to configure inside that dealt and or the environment variable on the
server your file system driver which is the default disk to you.
So you can just change to as free.
And then you don't really have to change any of your code.
It will work properly maybe apart from the from the things that you will also have to have all those
previously uploaded images on that as Free disk.
Now let's see if there is some more convenient way to display this.
You are on on the image.
So basically on the image model itself you can define a method call it you URL and then you can use
the storage facility here minding the import that was added
and you can return this
path.
So this would actually generate are you URL for you.
So now instead of using the storage for say directly inside template which also is not a best idea in
case something changes you might want to use a different disk then you put this logic to a single place
inside the you URL method.
So now everything that you will have to do is you do post image your URL
and image is also displayed.
So this is how you would get the URL for anything that you have uploaded.
Let it be image or any other file that has to be provided to the user so either browser can download
it or the client itself can have a download link and in the next lecture will work around it a little
bit will play around with styling so this image is displayed in a much nicer way.